Revise introduction to Install Plone with Cookieplone (#1930)
plone/documentation: docs/install/create-project-cookieplone.md

# Install Plone with Cookieplone

This chapter describes how you can create a web application using {term}`Cookieplone`.

> Cookieplone is the recommended way to create a Plone project using the Volto frontend.

Reviewer: This sounds strange to me. What about:
```suggestion
Cookieplone is the recommended way to create a Plone project with a Volto frontend and a backend API.
```

The following instructions can be used to start building a Plone site, or to develop an add-on that can be released and used as a part of other Plone sites.

> Cookieplone will also include tools for development and deployment.

Reviewer 2: Cookieplone doesn't include such tools. Cookieplone runs a template from cookieplone-templates, and that generates a project which includes the tools.

```suggestion
The project will also include tools for development and deployment.
```

Author: @sneridagh and I are still on the fence about "project". I think I prefer "scaffold" in this context, because that's what Cookieplone produces.

Adding a link to the issue under discussion:

https://github.com/plone/cookieplone-templates/issues/191
